*How do relationships, intimacy, and interpersonal connections exist online?*
<br>
<br>
**"The Context of the Digital: A Brief Inquiry into Online Relationships" by Gene McHugh**
<br>
This reading was quite interesting to me, especially the term "mixed reality" that comes up within it. In my opinion, I feel like this concept in conjunction with this idea of relationships and how they exist online is really important as well. The way I picture this term is by thinking about how video chatting over Skype, FaceTime, and now even Zoom mirrors chatting with another person in real life, but exists solely in a digital scape. This "mirroring" combines the two aspects of physical and digital that allows for a mixed reality to exist! And in turn, I think this is how relationships, intimacy, and interpersonal connections exist online. The ways we know how to interact with others are translated to the online space, and allow for new ways of connection to be established. A meaningful one I can think of is texting someone a certain way, which this reading mentions as well. There are all sorts of slang words and acronyms that already exist, but depending on your relationships with friends or a S/O, you can make your own lingo to communicate with each other (and it can be as casual or formal as you want it to be)! I think this is a special thing that exists on an online space, aside from a quite obvious emergence of online dating platforms and other apps that connect people for the purpose of befriending strangers/ going out on dates.
<br>
<br>
**"In the Name of Love: Arguments for a Slow Internet" by Claire L. Evans**
<br>
I really like how this reading almost makes you think about the way relationships on the internet exist after they end. In real life, when you have a falling out with a friend or break up with your S/O, you can try to cut them out of your life completely, but in the end that can still prove to be a bit of a challenge (especially where you are! At university or at a work place, it can be difficult to fully avoid seeing someone in person ever again). However, it is so much easier to do this kind of act online. Numbers and social media accounts can be instantly blocked and deleted, as well as contacts and even previous records of interaction. In this case, you can literally erase all digital evidence of the relationship, and that awkward "what if?" of an impending encounter in real life is avoided. I really like how this reading made me think about online relationship expression in this way, as I only really saw it as I did in the last response to the first reading. Finally, I like this idea of seeing the relationship as a timeline that should be approached slowly, and the commentary Evans had in regarding how slow it should be. That's another instance of online relationship building I didn't really think about, which is the speed in which people are matched on dating platforms or can click a follow button, etc. This speed allows for relationships to progress really fast, but for what reason does it have to be that fast? Personally, I like the argument and discourse Evans generates around slowness in this context.
